README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# Shiny App with NBA Data

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

This application demonstrates various features of R & Shiny development.

## Installation

This package is currently private only. If you have been given access on
GitHub please follow the instructions below:

``` r
devtools::install_github("James-G-Hill/shiny-app-nba")
```

## Development Setup

In order to work on this application locally you will need the dataset.
First, you will need to download the dataset from the following link:

[NBA Free
Throws](https://www.kaggle.com/sebastianmantey/nba-free-throws)

Then place the dataset in the ‘dev/data/source_data’ directory. You will
then need to open and run the `split_data.Rmd` script. This will create
the data in the ‘dev/data/app_data’ directory.

## Features

Here is a list of notable features of the application:

-   Written as R package with DESCRIPTION file & appropriate directory
    structure
-   Written as a golem package with appropriate structure
-   Written to Shiny standards including shiny modules & reactive
    components
-   Source control via Git
-   Package management with `renv`
-   Written to standards of Tidyverse Style Guide
-   GUI created with `bs4Dash` demonstrating BootStrap 4
-   Interactive charts with `esquisse`
-   Interactive tables with `DataTable`
-   Includes Rmarkdown to split, clean, & conform original data source
-   Favicon created with `hexSticker`

## Attribution

This package uses a free ‘basketball’ icon provided by Font Awesome. The
icon .svg file has been modified so the colour is white. Please find the
link to the license here:

<https://fontawesome.com/license>

Commit message:

Further theming with fresh & custom CSS

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# Shiny App with NBA Data

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

This application demonstrates various features of R & Shiny development.

## Installation

This package is currently private only. If you have been given access on
GitHub please follow the instructions below:

``` r
devtools::install_github("James-G-Hill/shiny-app-nba")
```

## Development Setup

In order to work on this application locally you will need the dataset.
First, you will need to download the dataset from the following link:

[NBA Free
Throws](https://www.kaggle.com/sebastianmantey/nba-free-throws)

Then place the dataset in the ‘dev/data/source_data’ directory. You will
then need to open and run the `split_data.Rmd` script. This will create
the data in the ‘dev/data/app_data’ directory.

## Features

Here is a list of notable features of the application:

-   Written as R package with DESCRIPTION file & appropriate directory
    structure
-   Written as a `golem` package with appropriate structure
-   Written to Shiny standards including shiny modules & reactive
    components
-   Source control via Git
-   Package management with `renv`
-   Written to standards of Tidyverse Style Guide
-   Documentation of functions with `roxygen2`
-   GUI created with `bs4Dash` demonstrating BootStrap 4
-   Interactive charts with `esquisse`
-   Interactive tables with `DataTable`
-   Themed with `fresh`
-   Further detailed theming through custom `css`
-   Includes Rmarkdown to split, clean, & conform original data source
-   Favicon created with `hexSticker`

## Attribution

This package uses a free ‘basketball’ icon provided by Font Awesome. The
icon .svg file has been modified so the colour is white. Please find the
link to the license here:

<https://fontawesome.com/license>
